*2
You have just been born, but let's not get into the details.
Your parents have named you Victor, Victor Frankenstein, and they know you will go on to do great things... But being born into a wealthy family certainly has its advantages.
Your parents are very close, and they love spending every second with you.
*3
You are 3 years old.
They don't detract form your parents love of you, but I suppose I should mention you do in fact have brothers.
Ernest is 1 year old, and William was born today.
The larger family is the most dear thing to you, as there is more love to share, but it has been a taxing three years on your mother.

She proposes the family take a vacation to Lake Como.
*4
Lake Como was the right decision.
Everyone is having the greatest time. Your siblings and you are continuously playing at the beach. Sports, sandcastles, swimming, and plenty of other kids to play with.
Your parents are equally enjoying the trip. Your father spends his time in the bar conversing with the other adults, and betting ridiculous sums on 8 ball pool.
Your mother enjoys perusing the shopping district, and walking with some of her new companions.

However, on her walk, she finds the most beautiful baby girl that has been abandoned after her mother died. Does your family adopt her and bring her back?
*5
You welcome Elizabeth into you family. She is a bundle of joy and excitement that completes the family. She is very smart, and you both quickly become best friends.

The family returns to Naples and you enter the school system.
*6
In school you find a certain excitement learning. The way mathematical equations can be exact models of the real world is amazing. You increase your education level by 1 and your enthusiasm level by 2.
However there are other people in the school besides you, your family, and your teachers. And they give you weird looks... You family urges you to try and socialize. "Make some friends," they say, but you don't know if thats the best idea.

Do you go over and try to make a friend?
*7
You go find and boy in your class and make a conversation. You introduce yourself and he does the same, "I'm Henry Clerval."
Success! You got yourself your first friend.

However, your brother Earnest wandered off while you were gone and tried to make his own friends. It didn't go so well to say the least.
Earnest was made fun of and got very angry. He shouted at a kid named Terry Rorchact to the point where Terry punched back just so Earnest would shut up. Now Earnest is in critical condition.
*8
The family surrounds the hospital bed that Earnest lays in. The doctor has said the punch to his head caused too much damage, and that it is unlikely Earnest will survive.

Then Earnest looks at your. He says, "I love you all." And never moves again.

Earnest has died of dissin` terry.

(Enthusiasm -1)
*9
Those kids are weird. It's much better to stick with I'd say. What would they even bring to the table that your family doesn't have?

You avoid your classmates in general, and never develop any meaningful friendships.
*10
While in the school library, you search for a new book. It's becoming difficult as you have read most of them. War and Peace, Paradise Lost, The King James Bible, The Holy Roman Bible; the list goes on and on.
Arriving at the familiar shelf "Sciences and Mentology," you try to find something to read. Nothing new here.

Do you pick a book about science to re-read, or move to another shelf?
*11
You move to the mathematics shelf, and there lies the text Accounting and Financial Security. You open to page one, and something just strikes your fancy.
For the rest of your time at secondary school you absorb everything you can about financial mathematics, and your future is set. You go to college for accounting, and you settle down into a well paying job.
*12
You remove a book from the shelf; it's one you have already read but whats the difference at this point. But behind it lays another book, Alchemy Volume 3 by Paracelcus.
You open to page one, and something about it strikes your fancy. For the rest of your secondary education, you absorb everything you can about alchemy and science.
Your education and enthusiasm are increased by one.
*13
It's graduation day! You have finished secondary school, and you are ready to move on to the next step in your life.
Your parents are more than generous, and they throw the most extravagant party for you. Cake, champagne, and a band. It's a great time.
As the night winds down, you say farewell to the guests, and your future crosses your mind. What will you do next?
*14
You receive a letter in the mail, and it is from the highly esteemed college of Bridgepour. They have offered you acceptance into their school due to your high marks in secondary school (and your parents monetary status).
Then you receive another letter, this one from the University of Ingolstadt. They have also offered you acceptance into their school, and they have offered you a scholarship.
A letter arrives from the University of Geneva, and three more letters arrive the next day. The letters continue.
By the June 2nd deadline, you have received 34 letters of acceptance, but only two stand out to you. The University of Ingolstadt and the University of Bridgepour. Your father has also offered you a job as his assistant, but it seems a bit ineventful. Files all day, every day. What a chore.

Which school do you choose to attend? Or do you work for your father and accept complete financial security?
*15
Working for your father seems like the right choice. It may be a boring job with its file after file, but it will be a stable job. You will be able to provide for your family, and the family business may even become yours someday.
*16
Attending Bridgepour University seems like the right choice. They were the first to reach out to you after all. 

It works out wonderfully that your family can travel with you for a portion of the trip to Bridgepour. Your father bought a house in Geneva, so the whole family will be together for half of the trip!
Everything in your old house has been packed into a wagon, and you set off.

However, you quickly run into a river. Do you attempt to ford the river or, seal and float the wagon across?
*17
I'm only joking. This is modern Europe after all, not Africa or some place like that. You have a bridge to cross, and you cross it.
*18
The family finally arrives in Geneva where the rest of the family stops. You must continue on to Bridgepour, so you say your goodbyes and set off.
*19
After months of travel, you finally arrive at Bridgepour University. You are greeted by the Dean of the school, and he gives you a tour of the campus. It's a beautiful place, and you are excited to start your education.
You get a letter from from your family. You open it, and see that Elizabeth has died of Scarlet Fever. You are absolutely heartbroken by the news.

The best option it seems is to return home to your family to mourn, and you never return to Bridgepour.
*20
You arrive at Bridgepour University, and you are greeted by the Dean of the school. He gives you a tour of the campus, and you are excited to start your education.
You need to pick a focus for your education, and the choice seems obvious. You are practically and expert in alchemy after reading all those books, but the counselor stops you, "Alchemy isn't a major, nor is it a real science. You have to pick and actual major.'
This is blasphemy! If alchemy isn't a real science, then what was the purpose of so many alchemy books? You are furious, and you storm out of the office.

In an attempt to prove the counselor wrong, you go to the library to find information on alchemy. However, there aren't any alchemy books on the shelves. You ask a professor nearby for help.
*21
You ask the professor, "Where are the alchemy books?" He looks at you with a confused look, "Alchemy isn't a real science. It's a pseudoscience, and it's not taught here."
He continues, "Alchemists promised much from little. They claimed to turn lead into gold and to heal illnesses with potions from animals. Alchemy cannot deliver such feats. The natural sciences are based on fact. Science is no miracle performer, but it can do much more than anyone can know.
If you like alchemy, then the closest thing to it is chemistry. It's a real science, and it's powerful. If you choose to be a physicist, you can takes classes taught by the best physics professor though." The professor hands you his card with a smirk.
*22
You head back to the counselor, and it's time to pick your major. Will you ask for a physics major, or will you ask for a chemistry major?
*23
You ask for a physics major, and the counselor is happy to oblige. You take classes taught by the best physics professor, and you learn everything you can about physics.
It turns out to be a bit of a pyramid scheme, and you are left with only one job opportunity. You are offered a job as a physics professor at Bridgepour University. You accept, and you teach physics for the rest of your life.
*24
You ask for a chemistry major, and the counselor is happy to oblige. You take classes taught by the best chemistry professor, and you learn everything you can about chemistry.
It turns out to be a bit of a pyramid scheme, and you are left with only one job opportunity. You are offered a job as a chemistry professor at Bridgepour University. You accept, and you teach chemistry for the rest of your life.
*25
Attending the University of Ingolstadt seems like the right choice. They were the second to reach out to you after all, and they were the only ones to offer a scholarship.

You say farewell to your family, pack up your belongings, and set off for Ingolstadt.
*26
The air is getting chilly even with the parka you are wearing. You approach an iron suspension bridge over a raging river. You can see the other side, but the bridge is too far away to make out any details. You can't see any other way across, so you must cross the bridge.

Halfway across the bridge, you hear a loud crack. The bridge is breaking apart! You make a split decision, and you try to jump and grab the overhead support. Your hand slips, and you fall into the river below.
You don't get out of the water before being trapped in the rapids.
*27
The air is getting chilly even with the parka you are wearing. You approach an iron suspension bridge over a raging river. You can see the other side, but the bridge is too far away to make out any details. You can't see any other way across, so you must cross the bridge.

Halfway across the bridge, you hear a loud crack. The bridge is breaking apart! You make a split decision, and you try to jump and grab the overhead support. Your hand grabs the support, and you pull yourself up.
You inch your way across the bridge, and you make it to the other side.
After you recover from that freak encounter, you catch your breath and continue to Ingolstadt.
*28
You arrive at the University of Ingolstadt, and you are greeted by the Dean of the school. He gives you a tour of the campus, and you are excited to start your education.
You need to pick a focus for your education, and the choice seems obvious. You are practically and expert in alchemy after reading all those books, but the counselor stops you, "Alchemy isn't a major, nor is it a real science. You have to pick and actual major.'
This is blasphemy! If alchemy isn't a real science, then what was the purpose of so many alchemy books? You are furious, and you storm out of the office.
*29
You go to the library to find information on alchemy. However, there aren't any alchemy books on the shelves. You ask a professor nearby for help.
*30
You ask the professor, "Where are the alchemy books?" He looks at you with a confused look, "Alchemy isn't a real science. It's a pseudoscience, and it's not taught here."
He continues, "Alchemists promised much from little. They claimed to turn lead into gold and to heal illnesses with potions from animals. Alchemy cannot deliver such feats. The natural sciences are based on fact. Science is no miracle performer, but it can do much more than anyone can know.
If you like alchemy, then the closest thing to it is chemistry. It's a real science, and it's powerful. If you choose to be a physicist, you can takes classes taught by the best physics professor though." The professor hands you his card with a smirk.
*31
You head back to the counselor, and it's time to pick your major. Will you ask for a physics major, or will you ask for a chemistry major?
*32
You ask for a physics major, and the counselor is happy to oblige. You take classes taught by the best physics professor, and you learn everything you can about physics.
It turns out to be a bit of a pyramid scheme, and you are left with only one job opportunity. You are offered a job as a physics professor at Ingolstadt University. You accept, and you teach physics for the rest of your life.
*33
You ask for a chemistry major, and the counselor is happy to oblige. You take classes taught by the best chemistry professor, and you learn everything you can about chemistry.
It turns out to be exactly what you were hoping for. The ability to create substances from elements is amazingly close to alchemy. However, you can't quite capture every aspect of alchemy, and you are left with a bit of a void in your life. It is quite small though, as you can't want much more with the constant stream of coursework.

Then you hear the college will start offering a biology course. The new professor says that biology is a very powerful science, and you wonder if it can fill the void you find in your knowledge.
Do you take the course even though you barely have enough time to finish your chemistry coursework?
*34
It's too much work to take two courses. You decide to focus on chemistry, and you finish your coursework. You graduate with a degree in chemistry, and you are offered a job as a chemist in Ingolstadt.
Over the years, you become a very successful chemist, and you are able to retire early. Your invention, bio-polymers, is a world renowned product that spawned the plastics industry. You spend the rest of your life enjoying your retirement.
*35
You decide to take the biology course. After all who needs sleep anyways? Chemistry in the day and biology at night, but you enjoy it anyways. You increase your education level.
*36
In the final hours of one of your last biology classes, the teacher drops something of an exegesis. He shows the latest theory on the origin of life: the correct proteins entered the correct fats, and with a blast of energy life was started.
The teacher further explains the theory, and says that it was only applicable to single cells. However, surely that single cell limitation only applies to biologists. You are an alchemist, and you can do anything you want.
You decide to try to create life as for the class final project, but the only question is at what scale is it possible to create life? Surely a human form would not be too daunting.
*37
Surely to have the best possible success rate, you should start with the simplest form of life. You decide to create a single cell, and you start your research.
Assembling a lab in your apartment, you start to gather the supplies you need. You need a source of energy, and the statics generator is the best source on campus. The chemistry lab is more than happy to lend glassware and chemicals, but many of the chemicals are not available. You need a trip to the apothecary to get the rest of the supplies.
*38
You head to the apothecary and ask for the supplies you need. The apothecary is happy to oblige, but he offers two variations of the same chemical. One is a natural version, and the other is a synthetic version. The synthetic version is cheaper, but it is also more dangerous. The natural version is more expensive, but it is safer.
*39
You decide to go with the natural version, and you pay the apothecary for the supplies. You head back to your apartment, and you start to assemble the lab.
The process starts with a hydrolysis reaction. You need to break down the fats into their component parts. You start the reaction, and it goes well. Then comes the risky part a decomposition reaction with the natural muriatic acid from the apothecary. The reaction goes well, and you are left with the correct fats and proteins.
The rest of the process goes well, and you achieve your goal. You have created a single cell. You present your project to the class, and you become and accredited chemist and biologist.
*40
You decide to go with the natural version, and you pay the apothecary for the supplies. You head back to your apartment, and you start to assemble the lab.
The process starts with a hydrolysis reaction. You need to break down the fats into their component parts. You start the reaction, and it goes well. Then comes the risky part a decomposition reaction with the synthetic muriatic acid from the apothecary. The reaction goes well, and you are left with the correct fats and proteins.
The rest of the process is finished, but there is no way to tell if the experiment was a success until you shock the disk.
Zap!
The disk explodes, and you are left with a pile of goo. You present the project to your class, but without a successful experiment, you are not accredited as a chemist or biologist. You leave the university and go back to your hometown.
*41
You decide to go with the synthetic version, and you pay the apothecary for the supplies. You head back to your apartment, and you start to assemble the lab.
The process starts with a hydrolysis reaction. You need to break down the fats into their component parts. You start the reaction, and it goes well. Then comes the risky part a decomposition reaction with the synthetic muriatic acid from the apothecary. The reaction goes well, and you are left with the correct fats and proteins.
The rest of the process goes well, and you achieve your goal. You have created a single cell. You present your project to the class, and you become and accredited chemist and biologist.
*42
You decide to go with the synthetic version, and you pay the apothecary for the supplies. You head back to your apartment, and you start to assemble the lab.
The process starts with a hydrolysis reaction. You need to break down the fats into their component parts. You start the reaction, and it goes well. Then comes the risky part a decomposition reaction with the natural muriatic acid from the apothecary. The reaction is exothermic, and the dish begins to heat up. The contents reach a critical temperature and the dish explodes. You are left with a pile of goo. 
You present the project to your class, but without a successful experiment, you are not accredited as a chemist or biologist. You leave the university and go back to your hometown.
*43
A human form is the better option. Go big or go home right? The class has heard about making single cells, so this would really give them a start. You start to gather the supplies you need and assemble a laboratory in your apartment.
The chemistry lab is more than happy to lend glassware and chemicals, but many of the materials you ned are not readily available. To gather enough mass for a human form you start to pickup dead animals from the road side. However the usable mass is limited, and you fear that you will not get enough material in time.
Do you sneak into the grave yard and attempt to harvest whole humans?
*44
Digging up graves is just too immoral. You'll have to find some material another way. Perhaps hunting can source the materials you need?
*45
It just so happens that it is deer and goose season in Ingolstadt. All you need is a gun or some other weapon. Do you try to buy a gun or steal a spear from the athletics gymnasium?
*46
You decide to buy a gun, and you head to the gun shop. The gun shop owner is happy to sell you a gun, but he says the gun will take 3 months to arrive. You can't wait that long, the project is due in 2 months. So you decide to try your luck with the spear.
*47
You decide to steal a spear from the athletics gymnasium. You head to the gymnasium, and start to rummage through the racks of equipment. You remember seeing a spear throwing activity so they should have some spears.
The first closest has no luck just different sorts of balls. But the second is much more assorted, and in the back, spears! You grab it and immediately set out. You have a few hours before the sun sets, so what could go wrong?
*48
Well, now its dark. You got lost, and lost track of time. The worst thing though is that you didn't see anything all afternoon and evening.

Then you hear something coming through the trees. Right at you. Fast. You see a glint of eyes in the moonlight, and it's a great bear.
*49
Thinking quick, you brace the spear on the ground at heart height. The bear charges into you are the spear, and you are thrown to the ground.
The spear broke off and did not kill the bear. You don't make it out of the woods.
*50
Thinking quick, you brace the spear on the ground at heart height. The bear charges into you are the spear, and you are thrown to the ground.
The spear did its job and the bear collapses. What luck! The bear has more than enough mass, but how do you get it to your laboratory? Rope and a very long night.
*51
Your running out of time, and as awful as it is, the graves have enough mass to make sure your project is done by the deadline.
The closest one is Ingolstadt Central Cemetary. You head there in the dead of night and need to find a place to start. The newest grave seems like an obvious choice. The dirt is fresh so digging won't be noticeable. The fresh body will be easy to harvest. You start to dig.
*52
The hole is getting bigger. Three feet wide and two feet deep, you have a long time to go.
Then you see a light in the distance. It's a lantern, and it's coming closer. You have to hide from the graveyard attendant.
Do you hide in the grave you are digging or behind the mausoleum?
*53
You have to hide behind the mausoleum. You can't risk being seen in the grave you are digging. The attendant reaches the grave and inspects it. He seems suspicious, and, to your horror, he starts to look around. He checks behind nearby graves, and is moving closer to you.
In a panic you start to sprint out of the graveyard. You almost make it out, but a tree root catches your foot. You are knocked unconscious.

You wake up in jail for trespassing. You are released after a few days, but you are not allowed to return to the university. You go back to your hometown.
*54
The light is too close, and there isn't time to run. You have to hide in the shallow grave you've made. You quickly cover yourself with dirt and wait.
The light reaches the grave and the attendant stop to look. He sees the dirt and thinks it is a fresh grave. He moves on.

You get back to digging and hurry to finish before dawn. You grab the body and head back to your laboratory.
*55
You have the materials and the means to make the form, but you still need and energy source. You heard rumors that the engine room has a spark generator, but as a chemist you don't have access to the engine room. Do you sneak in and steal the spark generator or do you try to make your own?
*56
You decide to make your own spark generator. You head to the scrap yard for copper and iron, and start to tinker.
The project isn't going well though. You can't get the spark generator efficient enough, so it has to rotate faster.
In your final test, you spin the generator to the point of dynamic plastic deformation. The generator explodes, and you are hit by the shrapnel.
The Ingolstadt hospital is not equipped to handle your injuries, and you die.
*57
You decide to steal the spark generator. The engines room is locked, but you are able to bust the lock with a crowbar. You enter the room and find the spark generator.
*58
Its just your luck, the spark generator is practically the size of the room. There is no way you can get it back.
*59
The spark generator is on the table, but it is very heavy. You have to wheel it out on a dolly.
*60
Finally after all of your labor, its time to start assembling the form. It is very tiresome work, and it really doesn't help that the only time for you to work on it is in the late hours of the night.
Building each limb and organ from the tissue up is a very time consuming tasks, but the thought of success is so invigorating. You work through many nights without sleep.
After a month and a half of non-stop and exhausting work, you finally finish the form. You are so excited to see it move, and all you need is the spark to bring it to life.
*61
Tonight is the night. You have the spark generator ready, and you are ready to bring your creation to life. You start the generator and wait for the spark.
Zap! The spark jumps into the form, and the limbs seize. The muscles relax, and do not move. You try again, and again, but the form does not move.
You spend the night trying to get the form to move, but it is no use. You have failed.

Your classmates notice you stop coming to class, and in fact they realize that they haven't seen you in days. They come to your apartment, and break in the door to investigate.
They find you hanging alongside your attempted creation.
*62
Tonight is the night. You have the spark generator ready, and you are ready to bring your creation to life. You start the generator and wait for the spark.
Zap! The spark jumps into the form, and the limbs seize. The muscles relax, and then move. The form is alive!
The yellow eyes open, and the form stands up. It is a beautiful sight, and you are so happy. You have succeeded!
*63
Thinking ahead, the body can move around a bit, but you have it restrained. You study it, and present your final project for class. The professor is astounded by the creature you bring in to the classroom.
You become and accredited biologist, but you never dabble in making another living creature. After your presentation, you felt so disgusted by your creation that you destroy it.
*64
Then you look into it's eyes again. The yellow color, its hideous. You can't stand it. You have to destroy it. You lunge at the creature you created, but only manage to knock it over.
It feels the pain, and knows to avoid your next attempts. It hits you in the head, and you are knocked out.
*65
You wake up on the floor, and the creature had left your apartment. 
Over the next few days, your paranoia about the creature returning and your exhastion from the project cause you to become extremely ill.
*66
Your illness festers. You get worse and worse. You can't even move from the bed. You don't make it.
*67
Your illness festers. You get worse and worse. You can't even move from the bed. Then, by shear luck you hear a knock on your door. Your best friend, Henry Clerval, had come all the way to Ingolstadt to check on you.
He helps nurse you back to health, and you try to explain what you have done but he laughs it off. After you recover, Henry returns to his home in Geneva.
*68
Some months pass, and you continue your studies. You are still haunted by the creature you created, but you try to forget about it. You are so close to graduating, and you can't let this ruin your life.
An then it does.
While walking down by the lake to clear your head, you see a figure in the distance. It is the creature you created. It is walking towards you. Then it sees you, and it starts running.
You brace for impact, but the creature jumps over you and continues running. You are so confused. You have never seen the creature move so fast.
*69
Then you get a letter from your family. Someone has killed your younger brother William. You are so devastated. Then it hits you. 
That
    monster
        killed
            him.
*